TELCODOCS-1848: Add PreflightValidation v1beta2 (#77202)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kmm-validation-lifecycle.adoc

[id="kmm-validation-lifecycle_{context}"]
= Validation lifecycle

> Preflight validation attempts to validate every module loaded in the cluster. Preflight stops running validation on a `Module` resource after the validation is successful. If case module validation fails, you can change the module definitions and Preflight will try to validate the module again in the next loop.

Reviewer: Same thought here: 

```suggestion
Preflight validation attempts to validate every module loaded in the cluster. Preflight stops running validation on a `Module` resource after the validation is successful. If case module validation fails, you can change the module definitions and Preflight tries to validate the module again in the next loop.
```

Author: Changed. s/If case module validation fails/If module validation fails
